I'm shooting three gigs and I go in a night, that's a lot of driving says,
you get
[inaudible], You know, get killed, look killing someone. It was crazy
. Rhode Island was always fun. And then when
Kennison, w w w when I first met Kennison out
at the store, I said, oh my God, it was like a rebel
. I'd never seen anything. And I've seen everybody. And I said, this is so I call him
and I go, you got to see this guy. He's nuts, man
. It's unbelief. He's like this preacher who does comedy, that's insane. And so,
uh,  we bring him to Boston and.
And nix is the first star fight. I ended up firing him after the first show,
why he, he showed up all up and you know,
I got him some blow and he went on stage and he just,
he was doing like new material. And I said, Sam,
is there any way you could do your HBO? He goes, no.
Bro. That's been done. That's been done. And I go, well.
I got to let you go. He goes, I figured that.
Then I got him a gig at the connection. Then he got fired for a minute.
Then you had him a place in Malden. He got five.
Then he shows up at stitches at my gig. And he comes walking in and like,
oh Sam, man, I can't lose this gig. This is my, this is my big money gig.
Do you trust me? Do you trust the base? They trust the piece. Freak me out.
So let's just tell me, you know,
you saw him on the HBO Saturday night live is one of the
best I've ever seen. Sam comes, snuffled it out. What half a bottle of away,
chugs it down burps and says someone's me tonight. And from then on,
he just found the room that, and by the end of the night,
they had hired him to come back to do the backroom at the paradise and it was
off and running. But oh my gosh, this is like 86. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
So we're in New York and we're doing Caroline site. And I mean, everybody who's,
everybody comes out to see the show. It's unbelievable.
And they're going to do a rolling stone.
He's on the cover of rolling stone and he's supposed to do to today's show.
And so he,
he flies in every girl that's ever broke up with them and puts them all up in
the same hotel, different floors. I go, oh my.
God, genius.
You missed that
crazy.
So I told the story more than the small group of
people, but we're in the room and I'm lying on the side of the
bed, brothers bill, his mom's dead. Sam's passed up the chair.
We've been gone for days. And uh, Sam's mother goes, Lenny,
you got to get Sam up. It's got a today show. And I got today show that's huge,
man. We can't blow this up.
And it was just at the point where he didn't care what anybody thought. So, uh,
I said, Sam, Sam, get up, get up. You got to do it.
She mother want you to do it. This is big. It's great for your career.
And we turn on the TV and he's putting on his money.
He's put on a scope and this challenge, it takes off. And we also,
we watch it explodes. He goes, I will.
There's high well there's everyone back to bed.
It's mothers just go home. And then the phone rings. I just,
today show we won't be using Sam.
Oh my God, I will. I will.
[inaudible].
He goes, you know, he goes, that was a horrible thing to happen, you know,
to lose all those Astros. But you know, I guess she was a teacher, you know,
I forget her name. And he goes,
and the kids were in the classroom and they're all watching.
Anyone wants a cookie, this cake it's right after that. I mean, you know,
but he was, he was fearless. Fearless.
Yeah. He was, you know, I don't know if you know the story about him,
but his brother bill wrote that book, brother, Sam.
And he talked about how Sam got hit by a car. When he was a little kid,
he was a normal kid and he gets this horrible head injury.
And then all of a sudden was fearless. Like that happened to Roseanne.
And that happened to him. Same exact story hit by a car. I didn't know.
One personality changes a hundred percent becomes a totally different
personality and becomes his wild reckless person.
A habit of both of them. Listen, you know.
All these Elisa is documentaries about him and stuff.
And I see people that were on the peripheral edges. I mean,
I was with him for a few years. I mean, bringing him to the bar.
We brought them to Boston when he wasn't making a lot of money and might pay him
and he loved it and we became real good friends.
And it was a,
it was just a time in life that I never saw anything like that when
he'd break into the preacher thing with his little feet dancing.
And so one night we were up, he started canceling,
missing gigs and he missed the university of Arizona. And uh,
his, his manager goes and he had a big time managing or they had just got him,
you know, the cover of rolling stone, all that stuff. And he goes, Lenny,
you got to get him to show them all your open a front. I said, okay.
So Sam goes, come on, we'll go back to the place.
And we're doing massive amounts of blown.
And I've gotten up to go to the bathroom.
He's never gets up to go to the bathroom. It was just,
I smashed up with Tampa and we're doing a show.
It was the year that Tampa lost every game, the professional football team.
And they came in and some big offensive climate, biggest guys I've ever seen.
Can we meet Sam, Sam, these guys want to meet you.
And one of them breaks out a little bloated. Sam goes, blows away.
And it wo it takes out a bag, puts it down, not doing a rush,
you and walks out. And they look at him like, yeah, he's not human.
So we'd go back to a place. And now it's free.
And the monitor is forward them on.
It was supposed to take a seven o'clock flight. And he said, yeah,
but I've got to make that flight. It's eight o'clock flight.
It's only an hour out of, you know, LA to Arizona that right. So,
so 10 o'clock the, uh, manager shows up and let me go say, man,
this is not good, but this is a makeup show. You,
you didn't shellfish and makeup show it. It's sold out. He goes, uh,
take language in and I'll be, I'll follow up. So we're in the,
we're in the plane. And he says, how much time he got done? I said, well,
how much do you need? He goes, well, you know, until he gets it. So I go on,
I'm supposed to 20 I'm I'm at about 54 and I'm gone, man, I'm on.
And I'm holding them off your Sam seven. I go hold him.
And I look over and he's on an oxygen tank with a mask.
And it's the big Cody premium deadlift that dad bring up.
I bring them on and the place goes crazy. Crazy, crazy, crazy.
And afterwards, we go to some strip club, right? And so we're in it.
Everyone's wild, man. He's a big star. You know what I mean?
People can't pollute.
So sitting on the strip has come over and he's throwing money around him and
someone throws a can of beer and he goes, that's it. He goes,
you guys want to make more money in the night. Then you make it a month.
Come with me.
And we go about eight of them come and we get in a limo and we go back to the
hotel and we're up. They'll tell them, well, minds are drinking to me.
And he goes, Lenny. He goes, I know you're married. He goes,
but in about five minutes, things are going to change.
You might want to go. He says, because once you open the store,
you'll never be able to close it again. And I said, I thought my S alright,
okay. And so I left and I went back to my room,
get back an extra cookie from the DoubleTree, by my room.
So the next morning I get up and I go over to the room and I open it up
and it's destroyed in his blood everywhere.
Sitting around crying, crying, Sam.
Oh, it was horrible. I said,
this. So I, I get a cab. I go to the airport and I fly back.
And to this day, I never know what happened. It was one guy magic.
I mean, if you haven't listened to his magic, fine, because I want to know what,
but it looked like it looked like a bomb. What? I've was broken.
All of them. I mean, like I trashed place, but like dangerously, trashed and,
and blood and still, still blow left. And oh, it was, I don't know.
What happened at night. You know,
mark Marin was hanging out with him back in the day when mark was a doorman at
the comic store. And he's a young kid. Yeah.
He did so much Coke with Kinison that he heard voices for a year.
Wow. His head was broken. He heard voices in his head for a year.
And that's when he sobered up. He came to Boston. Well, right after that,
that's when I met him. I met Marin in 88 when he had just,
just was trying to get his brain back online. Yeah. He was fried,
cooked his brain. It was just up for days.
We're in Boston. And we, I think we do stitches and we closed. I said, come on,
we'll go over to Lansdowne street. Cause a buddy Vassar's running that.
So now we're drinking bottles of champagne. Like it's gone as it goes,
that's it, man. It's enough. We got to go. So we'll even sham.
Cause where are we going now? I don't know, man. It's this?
There's no bars open. It's after two, he goes, you got to know a place to go.
Most of the places I know that they're folded up.
They've been shut down and he goes, wait a minute. He goes,
the limo we had the other night had. And he goes, yeah, call the limo.
So they call it a limo. It comes fully stocked. What am I? He goes,
never run the rush to buy my ball. And we've been drinking it,
pray it bread. That shot happened to him. You know? It was just, it was insane.
Just not human.
He's a wild. That's for sure. He changed comedy. He really did.
He changed what comedy was. It became something like before him,
it was people telling jokes, but he was so outrageous.
And when he did that HBO special, that one that he did from the Roxy on sunset,
I was there. Yeah. That special changed comedy.
Like it changed people's idea.
Like when he did that joke about the homosexual necrophilia.
[Inaudible] so, I mean, it's just,
there's still one night I go in and the cops,
the cops left Sam and there was like about seven squad guys up in front of the
comedies. Don't go, oh, Sam, you go. And they're all aligned to what?
The steps involved. They're all watching him and he's bombing. You know? I mean,
it kinda goes, yeah. It's people don't seem to like me. I said,
I want you to be fair. You know, when you go home tonight,
I want you to take a piece of paper, a napkin, something, anything.
And I want you to write on it. Someone in your life that's passed, you know,
a brother or sister or mother, the sacred dead.
I want you to take that home and I want you to get home and I want you to wipe
you off the flying. It was
so fun. And everywhere we went,
he would leave like 20 or 30 tickets for the cops in that town,
wherever we were. And the cops would always show up. Oh, that's awesome. I,
so one night we're up at Mitzi's and he's up there jamming with Eric
Clapton, Phil Collins.
I forget who the other guy was and they're on the porch and he's got the cottage
and walking it out. Right. And I'm going, I can't play, but I'm going,
this is insane. And so the cops come and he goes, let me take care of it.
So I go up and it's like three, four cars, the lights go on. I go, what's up?
I say, Hey, you gotta cut it down. I said, oh man,
you're not completely Eric Clapton sign. Anyway,
Phil Collins that jam out salmon exam. Can we meet? So I go down,
I go Sam, the cop says, okay,
but you've got to come up and take a picture with him and you, I should Sam.
I said a closing it down. So it goes up and they have Polaroids.
That's when they had the Polaroid cameras out and they took,
Paul had me taking the Polaroids of Sam and the cops.
But what I'd love to see those pictures, but it was,
you never know who's going to come over there.
You never know who's going to come over. That was just incredible.
He's the example that I give to comics of a guy who was at one
point in time, one of the best ever. Oh yeah.
But then dropped off hard. Like he dropped off in a big way.
Just stop writing too much partying. His brother talked about it in the book.
He just it's what can happen? Like can't you,
you got to respect this thing. And he was just all about the ride.
And then also he became very, very famous, probably too famous, you know?
Well, we we've been doing the Outlaws of comedy at the dunes.
That's how long ago now? And uh,
he had driven out with Tomayo to my Iowa Suki. And uh,
I got a call early in the morning. Lenny, Lenny, come quick, Sam dead. I go,
what? So I go over to, uh, to Caesar's palace.
They had a beer and I can't wait to get my ticket, take the champagne thing,
take it out and pour water on Villa and smile pushed me out away and said,
she goes, welcome to Japan, Mr. Bond, Sam,
whatever. Say that.
You never seen that.
Every morning. Tomorrow, tomorrow. I mean, she was so funny, man. You know,
she was, I really enjoyed her and she was sweet. I worked with her.
I used to work with, at the store a lot, you know, I don't,
I don't know if she's, she's still doing comedy. I don't know.
I haven't seen her ever.
She was, oh, she did this. She came up, you know, and your country, you say,
I walk miles to school in the snow and my country.
You drop a atomic bomb on us.
Crazy. Yeah. Funny, funny, funny stuff, man. But he was, oh,
first time I ever did ecstasy. It was,
they were closing the club that he started at in Austin, Texas,
I guess we're all going raw laptop. We're all going. So, uh, he, he,
he drove, I think he drove, I flew down. I flew,
I met him and someone comes in and says, Hey man, you gotta try this.
What is ecstasy? He goes, yeah, man, give me, give me all your guns.
How much that like give me all you got. So we got we're all on ecstasy.
I never did an extra month and was sitting on a couch with drag him into a book
and he starts to float away. Right.
So there's so I reach over and I bring them down. I said, what the?
You quit touching salmon. I only show Sam goes, thank you, Lenny,
for bringing me back.